# GroceryTracker
1. Summarize the project and what problem it was solving.
 This project tackled the issue of analyzing text records that are generated by a grocery store everyday. It produces a list of all items purchased in a given day along with the number of times each item was purchased. Produces a number of how many times a specific user entered item was bought on a given day. Finally produces a histogram of the products and their frequency in a given day.

2. What did you do particularly well?
I feel as if the python aspect of the program was easily to handle and manipulate than the c++.

3. Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on?
My code could use better error handling and input checking, this is something I lack in when it comes to the logic of making it more sophisticated and thorough. This would allow the program to better handle user input.

4. Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network?
Again the error checking and input handling was an area that was most challenging for me. I did overcome it but at the same time I know I could have produced better code that would allow the program to better handle and interpret user input.

5. What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work?
The skill of working with two languages on the same project, this allows for a program to run optimally compared to a program that is written in one language. The second language can pick up the slack of the main language, an example of that in this program would be using dictionaries in python which led to better data manipulation when importing data from the file.

6. How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
I checked the above off thanks to the use of python and c++ functions, I could have produced a better result by implementing classes but this is an area that I lack understanding enough to be able to import c++ data into a python class or the other way around.
